[Music]
hazel grace lancaster
is a teenager living in the suburbs of
indianapolis
who has thyroid cancer that has spread
to her lungs
believing she is depressed her mother
frannie urges her to attend a weekly
cancer patient support group
at the support group hazel meets
augustus gus
waters who lost a leg to bone cancer but
has since apparently been in remission
the two bond over their hobbies and
agree to read each other's favorite
books
gus gives hazel counter insurgents while
hazel recommends an imperial affliction
a novel about a cancer-stricken girl
that parallels hazel's
experience but has an abrupt ending the
book's author
peter van houten retreated to amsterdam
following the novel's publication
and has not been heard from since weeks
later gus
tells hazel he has tracked down van
helton's assistant and has corresponded
with van houghton
by email she writes to him and he
replies that he is only willing to
answer her questions
in person hazel asks her mother if she
can travel to amsterdam to visit him
but frannie refuses because of financial
and medical constraints
gus suggests that she used the cancer
wish she received from make-a-wish
foundation
but hazel explains that she has already
used hers to visit walt disney world
gus then surprises hazel with tickets to
amsterdam
after a medical setback hazel's doctors
eventually agree to allow the trip
hazel and gus arrive in amsterdam and
gus confesses his love for hazel
during a meal sponsored by van hauten
the following afternoon they go to van
houten's house
but are shocked to find he is a
mean-spirited alcoholic
it is revealed that his assistant had
arranged the meeting without vanhouten
knowing anything about it
van houten taunts hazel for seeking
serious answers to a piece of fiction
and belittles her medical condition
hazel leaves utterly distraught
the assistant invites them to go
sightseeing to make up for their ruined
experience
and they visit the anne frank house
there they share their first kiss
the next day gus tells hazel that his
cancer has returned
spread throughout his body and is now
terminal
hazel is heartbroken expressing how
unfair life can be
after they return to indianapolis gus's
health worsens
gus invites his blind best friend isaac
and hazel
to his pre-funeral where they deliver
eulogies that they have both prepared
hazel tells him she would not trade
their short time together for anything
and talks about how some infinities are
bigger than other infinities
gus dies eight days later and hazel is
astonished to find van houten at the
funeral
he tells her that augustus had demanded
he attend his funeral
van houghton tells her that the novel is
based on the experiences of his daughter
anna
who died from leukemia at a young age he
gives hazel a piece of paper which she
crumbles up asking him to leave
later talking with isaac hazel learns
that gus had asked van houghton to help
him write a eulogy for her
hazel retrieves the crumpled paper and
reads his words about him accepting his
own death
and about his love for her she lies on
her back on her lawn
looking up at the stars smiling as she
remembers gus
and as his letter finishes by saying
okay hazel grace
she says okay
you